Yo mama so fat, when she goes to a restaurant, they ask her if she wants the buffet.
Yo mama so fat, when she goes to the beach, the tide comes in.
Yo mama so fat, she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
Yo mama so fat, when she wears a yellow raincoat, people yell “taxi!”
Yo mama so fat, when she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Yo mama so fat, she’s got her own area code!
Yo mama so fat, when she steps on a scale, it read “one at a time, please”
Yo mama so fat, and old, that when God said “Let there be light,” he was just asking her to move out of the way.
Yo mama so fat, when she goes to the movies, she sits next to everybody.
Yo mama so fat, when she steps on a scale, it read “to be continued”
Yo mama so fat, when she steps on a scale, it read “We don’t do livestock”
Yo mama so fat, when she steps on a scale, it read “sorry we don’t do elephant”
Yo mama so fat that when she walked past the TV I missed three episodes.
Yo mama so fat, she left in high heels and came back in flip flops
Yo mama so fat, she lays in the driveway to put on her underwear.
Yo mama so fat, she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her as a new world.
Yo mama so fat, she has to use a boomerang to put on her belt.
Yo mama so fat, she takes posters not pictures.
Yo mama so fat, she could sell shade.
Yo mama so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and its still printing.
Yo mama so fat, she gets group insurance!
Yo mama so fat, when she steps on a scale, it read “I need your weight, not your phone number”
Yo mama so fat, even Dora can’t explore her.
Yo mama so fat, when she crossed the road people mistook her for a roundabout.
Yo mama so fat, when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th.
Yo mama is so fat, she doesn’t need the internet because she’s already worldwide.
Yo mama so ugly, she got a cease and decist letter from Sear’s photography.
Yo mama so ugly, she threw a boomerang and it refused to come back.
Yo mama so ugly, she makes blind children cry.
Yo mama so ugly, when she was born the doctor slapped your grandma.
Yo mama is so ugly, when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, “Sorry, no professionals.”
Yo mama is so ugly, she made One Direction go another direction.
Yo mama is so ugly, when she took a bath the water jumped out.
Yo mama so ugly, that the government moved Halloween to be on her birthday.
Yo mama so ugly, she has to sneak up on a glass of water to get a drink.
Yo mama is so ugly, she walked in a restaurant the grade from the health inspector went from an A to a Z.
Yo mama so ugly, people think that you and her are twins!
Yo mama so ugly, she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Yo mama so old, that archaeologists found ancient pottery in her vagina
Yo mama so old, her birth certificate is written in Roman numerals.
Yo mama so old, they moved her out of the retirement home and in to the museum. 
Yo mama so old, she farts dust Yo mama so old, her birth-certificate expired.
Yo mama is so old, that the candles cost more than the birthday cake.
Yo mama so old, she knows which Testament is more accurate.
Yo mama is so old, that she’s mentioned in the shout out at the end of the bible.
Yo mama so old, when she breast feeds, people mistake her for a fog machine.
Yo mama so old, she dated George Washington in high school.
Yo mama so old, when she was born, the Dead Sea was just getting sick.
Yo mama is so old, her first pet was a T-Rex
Yo mama so old, she co-wrote the Ten Commandments.
Yo mama so old, she has to oil all her joints with WD-40.
Yo mama so old, her first Christmas was the first Christmas!
Yo mama is so old, that she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo mama so stupid when a robber stole her TV, she ran after him saying, “you forgot the remote”
Yo mama is so stupid, that she thought Moby Dick was a sexually transmitted disease.
Yo mama so stupid she got hit by a parked car
Yo mama so stupid she put two quarters in her ear and said I’m listening to 50 Cent
Yo mama so stupid she got locked in Mattress World and slept on the floor.
Yo mama so dumb, she sold her car to get gasoline money.
Yo mama so stupid, she got locked in the grocery store and starved to death.
Yo mama is so stupid that she tries to insult you with Yo mama jokes.
Yo mama is so dumb that she thought Dunkin’ Donuts was a basketball team.
Yo mama is so stupid when an intruder broke into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed 9-1-1 on the microwave, and couldn’t find the “CALL” button.
Yo mama so stupid that she went to the dentist to get a bluetooth.
Yo mama is so stupid that the first time she used a vibrator, she cracked her two front teeth.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought Twitter was social media for birds.
Yo mama is so stupid that she got fired from the M&M factory for throwing away all the W’s.
Yo mama is so stupid that when the computer said ”Press any key to continue”, she couldn’t find the ‘Any’ key.
Yo mama so stupid, she stopped at a stop sign and waited all day for it to say go.
Yo mama is so stupid, when they said, “Order in the court,” she asked for fries and a shake.
Yo mama so stupid she was yelling into the mailbox. We ask her whats she doing and she said, she was sending a voice-mail.
Yo mama so stupid, when I told her that she lost her mind, she went looking for it.
Yo mama so stupid, when she saw the NC-17 (under 17 not admitted) sign, she went home and got 16 friends.
Yo mama so stupid, I saw her jumping up and down, asked what she was doing, and she said she drank a bottle of medicine and forgot to shake it
Yo mama so dumb that she spent 5 hours starting at a glass of orange juice because it said ‘concentrate’ on the package.
Yo mama is so poor that she can’t afford to pay attention!
Yo mama so poor she was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags. I said, “What ya doin’?” She said, “Buying luggage.”
Yo mama so poor she runs after a garbage truck with her grocery list!
Yo mama so poor your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk
Yo mama so poor I visited her trailer and two cockroaches tripped me and a rat tried to steal my wallet
Yo mama so poor, she goes to KFC to lick people’s fingers.
Yo mama is so poor that when I saw her walking down the street with one shoe and said “Hey miss, lost a shoe?” she said “Nope, just found one!”
Yo mama is so poor that she has to take the trash IN.
Yo mama is so poor that I saw her wrestling a squirrel for a peanut.
Yo mama is so poor that when I walked inside her house and put out a cigarette, she said “who turned off the heater?”
Yo mama so short when she sticks out her tongue she can clean her snatch
Yo mama so short she has to use a ladder to pick up a dime.
Yo mama is so short that you can see her feet on her drivers license!
Yo mama is so short, you can make a life size sculpture of her using one can of Play-Doh.
Yo mama so short she makes Asians look like skyscrapers.
Yo mama is so short that when she sneezes, she hits her head on the floor.
Yo mama so short, she uses piano tiles on iPad as a dance floor.
Yo mama so short, she has to jump up her stairs.
Yo mama so short, when she went to school, the fat kid couldn’t see her.
Yo mama so short she can’t say a thing with out a mirophone!
Yo mama so fat her car has stretch marks!
Yo mama so dumb, she called me to ask for my phone number.
Yo mama so poor she can’t even pay attention.
Yo mama so delusional that she kicked off a witch trial.
Yo mama so old that her social security number is 1!
Yo mama is so dark that when she goes swimming it looks like an oil spill.
Yo mama is so fat that when she went to the beach a whale swam up and sang, “We are family, even though you’re fatter than me.”
Yo mama so fat, that when she fell, no one was laughing but the ground was cracking up.
Yo mama is so fat when she sat on WalMart, she lowered the prices.
Yo mama is so ugly that her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her.
Yo mama is so skinny that she inspires crack whores to diet.
Yo mama is so short that when I was dissin’ her she tried to jump kick me in the ankle.
Yo mama teeth so yellow, I can’t believe it’s not butter.
Yo mama is so skinny that her bra fits better when she wears it backwards.
Yo mama is so old that she sat next to Jesus in third grade.
Yo mama so hairy that she’s got sideburns on her tits.
Yo mama is so nasty that the fishery pays her to stay away.
Yo mama so evil that the devil sold his soul to her.
Yo mama so American that she sued McDonald’s for selling French fries.
Yo mama eyes are so big that she can see into the future.
Yo mama so short she committed suicide by jumping off the curb.
Yo mama so dumb, she thinks Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
Yo mama so dumb she bought a solar-powered flashlight.
Yo mama so dumb she watches "The Three Stooges" and takes notes.
Yo mama so dumb it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes.
Yo mama so dumb she sits on the TV, and watches the couch!
Yo mama so dumb she stepped on a crack and broke her own back.
Yo mama so dumb, it takes her an hour to cook minute rice.
Yo mama so dumb, she cooked her own complimentary breakfast.
Yo mama so dumb when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran outside with a spoon.
Yo mama so dumb, she got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away all the W's.
Yo mama so dumb she sold her car to get gasoline money!
Yo mama so dumb, she sold the house to pay the mortgage!
Yo mama so dumb, she sent me a fax with a stamp on it!
Yo mama so dumb she had to call the Operator to get the number for 911!
Yo mama so dumb, they had to burn down the school to get her out of second grade.
Yo mama so dumb when you stand next to her you hear the ocean!
Yo mama got a wooden leg with a real foot.
Yo mama got a leather wig with suede sideburns.
Yo mama arm-pits stink so bad she made Right Guard turn to left.
Yo mama teeth are so yellow, when she smiles, cars slow down.
Yo mama so ugly, when she looks in the mirror, the reflection ducks!!
Yo mama so ugly, the psychiatrist makes her lie facedown.
Yo mama so ugly when she joined an ugly contest, they said, "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo mama so ugly when she walks into a bank, they turn off the cameras.
Yo mama so ugly, her face is closed on weekends!
Yo mama so ugly, when she was born the doctor slapped your grandma!
Yo mama so ugly, they know what time she were born, because her face stopped the clock!
Yo mama so ugly, when she cries the tears run up her face.
Yo mama so ugly, her mother had to feed her with a sling shot.
Yo mama so ugly, she could scare the moss off a rock!
Yo mama so ugly, she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
Yo mama so old, she walked into an antique store and they kept her.
Yo mama so old, her birthday's expired.
Yo mama so old, her driver's license got hieroglyphics on it!
Yo mama so old she still owes Moses a quarter!
Yo mama so old, when she was young, rainbows were black and white!!
Yo mama so old, when she was born, the Dead Sea was just getting sick!
Yo mama so old, she farts dust!
Yo mama so fat she can't reach her back pocket.
Yo mama so fat, if she got her shoes shined, she'd have to take his word for it!
Yo mama so fat, a picture of her would fall off the wall!
Yo mama so fat, she gets group insurance!
Yo mama so fat when she gets on the scale it says 'to be continued.'
Yo mama so fat she sat on a dollar and when she got up there was 4 quarters.
Yo mama so fat she left the house in high heels and when she came back she had on flip flops.
Yo mama so fat, when she takes a shower, her feet don't get wet!
Yo mama so fat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through.
Yo mama so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go down!
Yo mama so fat she eats Wheat Thicks.
Yo mama so fat, her job title is Spoon and Fork Operator!
Yo mama so fat when she goes to an all-you-can-eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
Yo mama so fat, her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard!
Yo mama so fat, the sign outside one restaurant says 'Maximum occupancy, 512, or YO' MOMMA!'
Yo mama so fat, she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth!
Yo mama so fat she's on both sides of the family!
Yo mama so fat when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
Yo mama so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips!
Yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it.
Yo mama so fat she wakes up in sections!
Yo mama so fat, when she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease, the doctor gave her ten YEARS to live!
Yo mama so fat when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE!
Yo mama so fat, her belly-button's got an echo!
Yo mama so fat, her belly-button gets home 15 minutes before she does!
Yo mama so fat that her pictures had to be arial views!
Yo mama so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized.
Yo mama so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th.
Yo mama so fat she's got her own area code!
Yo mama so fat, when she talks to herself, it's a long distance call!
Yo mama so fat, she's got smaller fat women orbiting around her!
Yo mama so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo mama so fat, she was born on the 4th, 5th and 6th of March.
Yo mama so fat she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for the new world.
Yo mama so fat, when she sings, it's over for everybody.
Yo mama so fat we're in her right now!
Yo mama so fat, when she made a PS5 account the entire network crashed.
Yo mama so fat, Rick and Morty thought her belly button was a portal to another dimension.
Yo mama so fat, when the Flash tried to run around her, he died before he could even get halfway.
Yo mama so fat, when I saw her on Tinder, swiped left and she was still on the screen.
Yo mama so fat, she’s a map on Call of Duty.
Yo mama so fat, NASA thought she was a freaking planet.
Yo mama so fat, not even Thanos could snap her out of existence.
Yo mama so fat, her belt is the equator.
Yo mama so fat, when she died, not even her ghost could float.
Yo mama so fat, every time she took a step, it caused an earthquake.
Yo mama so fat, she thought Squid Game was a Sushi eating competition.
Yo mama so fat, when she ate an Avocado it was Nickado.
Yo mama so fat, she beat Galactus in a world-eating contest.
Yo mama so fat, when she went to In-N-Out, she couldn’t get in nor out.
Yo mama so fat, when she wore a red dress, people shouted,” Kool-Aid Man.”
Yo mama so fat, Naruto couldn’t make enough shadow clones to surround her.
Yo mama so fat, One Punch Man had to punch twice.
Yo mama so fat, her splash attack does damage.
Yo mama so fat, when she did Jumping jack, it caused Seismic Earthquake.
Yo mama so fat, every time she turns around it’s her birthday.
Yo mama so fat, she had to be baptized at sea world.
Yo mama so fat, Donald Trump used her as the border wall.
Yo mama so fat, she takes selfies in panorama mode.
Yo mama so fat, she wakes up on both sides of the bed.
Yo mama so fat, she doesn’t need the Internet. She’s already worldwide!
Yo mama so fat, when she sat on the iPod, she made the iPad!
Yo mama so fat, when I pictured her in my head, she broke my neck.
Yo mama so fat, she wears two watches. One for each time zone she’s in.
Yo mama so fat, she got arrested for carrying 10 pounds of crack.
Yo mama so fat, Darth Vader couldn’t even force choke her.
Yo mama so fat, she’s Miley Cyrus’s wrecking ball.
Yo mama so fat, people jog around her for exercise.
Yo mama so fat, Snorlax evolves into her.
Yo mama so fat, her blood type is Nutella.
Yo mama so fat, she jumped up in the air and got stuck.
Yo mama so fat, she fed an entire zombie apocalypse.
Yo mama so fat, her farts cause global warming.
Yo mama so fat, Cupid’s arrows couldn’t pierce her.
Yo mama so fat, when she climbed into a monster truck it became a low rider.
Yo mama so fat, the horse on her polo shirt is real.
Yo mama so fat, when she went out in a green bikini, everyone shouted “Godzilla”.
Yo mama so fat, when she wears her yellow raincoat, people yell out “taxi”!
Yo mama so fat, she’s a citizen of every country.
Yo mama so fat, her school pictures were taken by a satellite.
Yo mama so fat, even Kirby can’t eat her.
Yo mama so fat, she uses the highway as a slip and slide.
Yo mama so fat, she puts on her belt with a boomerang.
Yo mama so fat, not even Superman can lift her.
Yo mama so fat, she occupies Wall Street all by herself.
Yo mama so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it’s still printing.
Yo mama so fat, she broke the 256 block limit on Minecraft.
Yo mama so fat, when she jumped into a pool, NASA found water on Mars.
Yo mama so fat, even her clothes have stretch marks.
Yo mama so fat, even Dora couldn’t explore her.
Yo mama so fat, when she posted a naked picture of herself online, she literally broke the internet.
Yo mama so fat, she volunteered as tribute for the hunger games because she thought it was an eating competition.
Yo mama so fat, when she went to school, she sat next to the whole class.
Yo mama so fat, the cops use her as a road block.
Yo mama so fat, when Dracula sucked her blood, he got diabetes.
Yo mama so fat, Steven Hawking based his black hole theory on her a**hole.
Yo mama so fat, her belly button gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Yo mama so fat, when she goes camping, bears hide their food from her.
Yo mama so fat, in Indiana Jones she was the boulder.
Yo mama so fat, she broke the family tree.
Yo mama so ugly, when she went into a haunted house, she came out with a job application.
Yo mama so ugly, the CDC made her keep her mask on today.
Yo mama so ugly, when she threw a boomerang, it didn’t come back.
Yo mama so ugly, when she joined Snapchat, her phone snapped itself in half.
Yo mama so ugly, when she stared at the Sun, it went blind
Yo mama so ugly, she’s the reason dinosaurs went extinct.
Yo mama so ugly, when she installed an antivirus on her computer, it started deleting her photos.
Yo mama so ugly, she was the bird box monster.
Yo mama so ugly, when she looked at her food, it expired.
Yo mama so ugly, when you write her name in the Death Note, you kill yourself.
Yo mama so ugly, she is the reason why monsters hide underneath the bed.
Yo mama so ugly, when she saw Spiderman, she tried to squish him.
Yo mama so ugly, when she goes to the dentist, they make her lay face down.
Yo mama so ugly, the whole world faked a pandemic to put a mask on her face.
Yo mama so ugly, Santa Clause saw her he said, “Ho, ho, holy shit.”
Yo mama so ugly, when she signed into GTA online she got an instant five stars.
Yo mama so ugly, when she saw her reflection, it said,” I quit.”
Yo mama so ugly, she’s the reason why the Ninja Turtles hide in the sewers.
Yo mama so ugly, she’s the reason why Scorpion said, “Stay over there!”
Yo mama so ugly, she makes blind kids cry.
Yo mama so ugly, when she took a selfie, the picture said: “censored”.
Yo mama so ugly, at the strip club people pay her to keep her clothes on.
Yo mama so ugly, her face could stop the Juggernaut in the Marvel Universe.
Yo mama so ugly, her portraits hang themselves.
Yo mama so ugly, the Devil saw her. He started going to church.
Yo mama so ugly, Minecraft Creepers are afraid of her.
Yo mama so ugly, she made the Illuminati close its eye.
Yo mama so ugly, she made Jeff the Killer frown.
Yo mama so ugly, neither Jacob nor Edward want her on their team.
Yo mama so ugly, she made the Joker stop laughing.
Yo mama so ugly, when Ice Cube saw her, he melted.
Yo mama so ugly, when she joined an ugly contest, they said: “Sorry, no professionals.”
Yo mama so ugly, she turned Medusa to stone.
Yo mama so ugly, her pillow cries at night.
Yo mama so ugly, Bob the Builder said: “I can’t fix that.”
Yo mama so ugly, when she plays Super Smash Bros the characters run off the stage.
Yo mama so ugly, she made an onion cry.
Yo mama so ugly, she needs a steak around her neck to get the dogs to play with her.
Yo mama so ugly, One Direction went the other direction.
Yo mama so ugly, she’s the reason why Sonic runs fast.
Yo mama so ugly, when she watches TV, the channels change themselves.
Yo mama so ugly, the Walkers from the Walking Dead refuse to eat her.
Yo mama so ugly, Freddy and his friends hide from her.
Yo mama so ugly, when she went into the bathroom, she scared the shit out of the toilet.
Yo mama so ugly, Forever Alone Guy denied her friend request.
Yo mama so ugly, when she died the Grim Reaper refused to take her.
Yo mama so ugly, the government decided to move Halloween to her birthday.
Yo mama so ugly, she made my Happy Meal cry.
Yo mama so stupid, she put lipstick on her head to makeup her mind.
Yo mama so stupid, she threw a clock out the window to see time fly.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to ride a Red Bull.
Yo mama so stupid, she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side.
Yo mama so stupid, she buys Goldfish Crackers to put them in water.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to surf Goku’s Kamehameha wave.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought a serial killer was trying to kill her cereal.
Yo mama so stupid, she threw a butter out the window to see butterfly.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought Instagram was a weed delivery service.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the dentist to get a Bluetooth.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to climb Mountain Dew!
Yo mama so stupid, she thought a quarterback was a refund.
Yo mama so stupid, she spent 20 minutes staring at a carton of orange juice because it said “concentrate”!
Yo mama so stupid, she put a paper on the TV and called it paper view.
Yo mama so stupid, she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 Cent.
Yo mama so stupid, when she went on a diet, she ended world hunger.
Yo mama so stupid, when she died, she broke the stairway to heaven.
Yo mama so stupid, when she stepped on a scale, it said, “One person at a time please.”
Yo mama so stupid, when she sat on a rainbow, she made Skittles.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought that Starbucks was alien currency.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought seaweed was something that fish smoke.
Yo mama so stupid, when I told her Easter was around the corner, she went and looked for it.
Yo mama so stupid, she threw water at the computer to put out flame war.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to take Snoop Dogg for a walk.
Yo mama so stupid, when she heard it was chilly outside, she ran and got a bowl.
Yo mama so stupid, she studied for a drug test by taking all of the drugs.
Yo mama so stupid, she brought a spoon to the Superbowl.
Yo mama so stupid, she returned a doughnut because it had a hole in it.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought Taco Bell was a Mexican phone company.
Yo mama so stupid, she played got your nose with Voldemort.
Yo mama so stupid, when she saw the McDonald’s drive-through sign, she drove through the building.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to buy drugs on the highway.
Yo mama so stupid, she made an appointment with Dr Pepper.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to eat Creepypasta.
Yo mama so stupid, the zombies walked past her because they didn’t smell any brains.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to drown a fish.
Yo mama so stupid, she put her phone in airplane mode and thought she could fly.
Yo mama so old, her first car was the first car.
Yo mama so old, when I asked her where she was born, she replied, “The Primordial Soup.”
Yo mama so old, she drives a horseless carriage.
Yo mama so old, her blood type was dust.
Yo mama so old, her favorite movie was 1917.
Yo mama so old, her social security number is 69.
Yo mama so old, she pre-ordered the Bible.
Yo mama so old, she was a waitress at the last supper.
Yo mama so old, she sat next to Moses in third grade.
Yo mama so old, she knew Gandalf before he had a beard.
Yo mama so old, she used to babysit Apocalypse in the Marvel universe.
Yo mama so old, she knew Burger King when he was just a prince.
Yo mama so old, her birthday candles caused global warming.
Yo mama so old, her memory is in black and white.
Yo mama so old, her birth certificate says, “Expired”.
Yo mama so old, when she went to the museum, she saw some of her exes.
Yo mama so old, her breast milk is powder.
Yo mama so old, when she dies in Call of Duty, the player gets the five-person kill streak.
Yo mama so old, her first Christmas was The First Christmas.
Yo mama so old, she still owes Jesus five bucks.
Yo mama so old, her first cruise was on Noah’s Ark.
Yo mama so old, when she was in school, there was no history.
Yo mama so old, her first pet was from Jurassic Park.
Yo mama so old, her first zoo trip was to the Garden of Eden.
Yo mama so old, not even the time stone could make her young.
Yo mama so old, she knew Santa when He was just an elf.
Yo mama so dumb, she put a watch in a piggy bank to save some time.
Yo mama so dumb, she put an iPad in a blender to make apple juice.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought roblox was rob blocks.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought Lightsabers had less calories.
Yo mama so dumb, she took her computer to the doctor because it had a virus.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought chicken strips was a strip club for chickens.
Yo mama so dumb, she stays up all night trying to catch some sleep.
Yo mama so dumb, she went to the Apple store to get a big MAC.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought KFC was UFC for chickens.
Yo mama so dumb, she went out for drinks with Bill Cosby.
Yo mama so dumb, when the doctor told her to burn some calories, she set a fat person on fire.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought high school was a school for drug addicts.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought Nickelback was a refund.
Yo mama so dumb, she thinks that Jar Jar comes with pickles pickles.
Yo mama so dumb, she uses Old Spice body wash to cook.
Yo mama so dumb, she returned a puzzle because she thought it was broken.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought Call of Duty was a game about pooping.
Yo mama so dumb, she goes to the post office to send an email.
Yo mama so dumb, when she got locked in a grocery store, she starved to death.
Yo mama so dumb, she waited for a train at my freakin PlayStation.
Yo mama so dumb, her IQ is lower than Jeffy the Puppet.
Yo mama so hairy, Chewbacca fell in love with her.
Yo mama so hairy, she stars in Tarzan films.
Yo mama so hairy, she devours King Kong.
Yo mama so hairy, she wears a Nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her Hair Jordan.
Yo mama so hairy, when she gave birth to you, you got carpet burn, bro.
Yo mama so hairy, Big foot took her picture.
Yo mama so hairy, that she shaves with a weed wacker.
Yo mama so hairy, the only language she speaks is Wookie.
Yo mama so hairy, she stars in Donkey Kong games.
Yo mama so hairy, she found herself in a cage at the zoo.
Yo mama so hairy, When your father took her out to eat, the waiter said: ” Sorry, no pets allowed.”
Yo mama so hairy, she gots afros on her nipz.
Yo mama so hairy, they filmed the National Geographic in her bathroom.
Yo mama so hairy, when she auditioned for Planet of the Apes, they made her pack leader.
Yo mama so hairy, people wonder why she wears a fur coat to a nude beach.
Yo mama so hairy, when she posted her s*x tape online it got flagged for bestiality.
Yo mama so hairy, Baldi taught her in a zoo.
Yo mama so poor, she robbed a piggy bank.
Yo mama so poor, she had to win Squid Games five times just to get even.
Yo mama so poor, when I stepped on a cigarette to put it out, she said, “Hey, who turned off the heat?”
Yo mama so poor, she hangs toilet paper out to dry.
Yo mama so poor, she takes the trash in.
Yo mama so poor, she took the job at Freddy Fazzbear’s Pizza twice.
Yo mama so poor, she waves around a Popsicle and calls it air conditioning.
Yo mama so poor, she went to KFC to lick people’s fingers.
Yo mama so poor, she eats cereal with a fork to save milk.
Yo mama so poor, when I asked her “what’s for dinner” she took off her shoelaces and said “spaghetti”.
Yo mama so poor, she chases after the garbage truck with a shopping list.
Yo mama so poor, she lives in the sewers with Pennywise.
Yo mama so short, Spongebob thought she was plankton.
Yo mama so short, Ant-man thought she was an ant.
Yo mama so short, she walked under Trump’s border wall.
Yo mama so short, when she played Mario, it thought she was a Goomba.
Yo mama so short, she was a mouse’s pet.
Yo mama so short, when she wears a spring lock suit, nightmare thought she was plushtrap.
Yo mama so short, her favorite band was the Beatles.
Yo mama so short, one drop of rain drenched her.
Yo mama so short, she tried to date Chucky.
Yo mama so short, when she smokes weed, she can’t even get high!
Yo mama so short, she hang glides on a Dorito!
Yo mama so short, she broke her leg getting off the toilet.
Yo mama so short, you can see her legs on her driver’s license photo.
Yo mama so short, she pole dances on a candy cane.
Yo mama so short, she travels on a toy train.
Yo mama so short, she ice skates on an ice cube.
Yo mama so short, she uses a Tostito as a boat.
Yo mama so short, she became Ant Man’s sidekick.
Yo mama so short, she bakes cookies with Keebler elves.
Yo mama so short, she can do back flips under the bed.
Yo mama so short, she hooks up with LEGOs.
Yo mama so short, she drives Hot Wheels.
Yo mama so short, when she took a bath, she fell down the drain
Yo mama So Tall Jokes
Yo mama so tall, when she walks the catwalk, she hit the ceiling.
Yo mama so tall, she was taller than Mommy Long Legs.
Yo mama so tall, she out dunks NBA players.
Yo mama so tall, when she wears a spider costume, people thought it was DJ music man!
Yo mama so tall, when she played Gorilla Tag VR, people accused her of using long arms!
Yo mama so tall, even Titans can look up her skirt.
Yo mama so tall, not even a rocket can fly up to her.
Yo mama so tall, she tripped in America and landed in Australia.
Yo mama so tall, Godzilla was her pet lizard.
Yo mama so tall, when giant man saw her, he thought he was ant-man.
Yo mama so tall, when she did a backflip, she dig God in the face.
Yo mama so tall, she stepped over Trump’s Border Wall.
Yo mama so tall, Mount Everest was her pet rock.
Yo mama so tall, people thought she was the Statue of Liberty.
Yo mama so tall, when it rains, people standing under her didn’t need an umbrella.
Yo mama so rich, she has goldfish made of real gold.
Yo mama so rich, her piggy bank is an actual bank.
Yo mama so rich, when she went to the beach, her money brought the Krabs to Bikini Bottom.
Yo mama so rich, she bought every NFT in the world!
Yo mama so thin, she uses a cheerio as a hoola-hoop, and still has room to spare.
Yo mama so smart, when she played baldis basics, she got baldi’s last question correct.
Yo mama so smart, she solved Riddler’s riddles before the Riddler finished saying them!
Yo mama so smart, she knows things not even Google knows.
Yo mama so evil, her favorite game was Squid Game.
Yo mama so evil, when she played video games, she was the villain.
Yo mama so evil, she turned dream into a nightmare.
Yo mama so fast, her running water is turbo water.
Yo mama so fast, when she plays Super Mario Run, it’s called Super Mario Runs Super Fast.
Yo mama so fast, that’s why sonic said gotta go faster faster faster.
Yo mama so strong, her six pack has a six pack.
Yo mama so strong, when she played Minecraft, she one shot the enderdragon, with her fist.
Yo mama so lazy, she has a stay at home job but she’s still late to work.
Yo mama so lazy, she didn’t give birth to you until you were 21.
Yo mama so strong, she sweats bullets.
Yo mama so strong, the Madrigals thought she was Louisa.
Yo mama so skinny, when she was asked to break a leg on stage, she broke her legs.
Yo mama so skinny, she could get sliced by blades of grass.
Yo mama so skinny, her blood type is water.
Yo mama so skinny, she uses her fingers to pick a lock.
Yo mama so skinny, she chops onions with her fingers.
Yo mama so skinny, when she takes a shower, she runs around just to get wet.
Yo mama so hot, she turned Marshmello into a S’more.
Yo mama so hot, when she played Mortal Kombat, she turned Sub-Zero to Scorpion.
Yo mama so hot, she made a jalapeno cry.
Yo mama so hot, she made Mr Peanut, nut.
Yo mama so hot, she turned dream into a wet dream.
Yo mama so hot, her blood type is lava.
Yo mama so nasty, she think the super bowl was an orgy.
Yo mama so nasty, even dogs won’t sniff her crotch.
Yo mama so nasty, when her dog farts, she takes the credit.
Yo mama so nasty, I told her to do the robot now R2D2 have AIDS.
Yo mama so strict, when she grounded you from playing Fortnite, she banned all the players.
Yo mama so strict, when she played GTA V, she arrested everybody.
Yo mama so strict, she won’t let moon jump scare the player until he got braces.
Yo mama so strict, she wouldn’t let Batman fight crime until he finished cleaning the Batcave.
Yo mama so strict, she put Godzilla and King Kong in timeout for fighting.
Yo mama so American, she didn’t let her kids play with toys made in China.
Yo mama so American, she sued McDonald’s for selling French Fries.
Yo mama so American, Captain America was jealous.
Yo mama so cool, she made the sun freeze.
Yo mama so Canadian, when she got robbed, she helped them.
Yo mama so Canadian, when she joined a politeness contest, they said “Sorry, no professionals.”
Yo mama so British, her blood type is tea innit.
Yo mama so British, she has the Spice Girls on speed dial.
Yo mama so Italian, her blood type is Tomato Sauce.
Yo mama so sus, when she wore glasses, people shouted: “Imposter.”
Yo mama so Karen, she went to your school to teach home school.
Yo mama so religious, her blood type is holy water.
Yo mama so slimy, her blood type is swamp water.
Yo mama so bad at directions, when she saw the “Disneyland left” sign, she went home.
Yo mama so strict, she enforced a curfew for the entire neighborhood.
Yo mama is so bossy… she got promoted at her company way faster than anyone expected, had an early retirement, and then started her own company.
Yo mama so hot, she makes jalapeños cry.
Yo mama so dumb, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo mama is so lucky…  she sees the good in her life despite all the hardship and suffering.
Yo mama so scary, you thought the monsters in your closet were friends.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought Twitter was social media for birds.
Yo mama so scary, she made One Direction go the other direction.
Yo mama bag is so cluttered it’s like the inside of a dollar store in there.
Yo mama so nasty, she went swimming and made the Dead Sea.
Yo mama glasses are so thick, when she looks at a map, she can see people waving at her.
Yo mama so American, her birthday song is the National Anthem.
Yo mama so silly, she thought Dunkin’ Donuts was a basketball team.
Yo mama so scary, even Voldemort won’t say her name.
Yo mama so old, when she was young, rainbows were still black and white.
Yo mama so old, she walked out of a museum and the alarm went off.
Yo mama so old, when she was born, the Dead Sea was still just getting sick.
Yo mama so old, her social security number is one.
Yo mama so old, Jurassic Park brings back memories.
Yo mama armpits are so hairy, it looks like she’s got Buckwheat in a headlock.
Yo mama teeth are so yellow, when she smiles, she puts the sun out of business.
Yo mama so poor, the ducks throw bread at her.
Yo mama so clumsy, she makes Humpty Dumpty look like a gymnast.
Yo mama so lazy she stands outside to let the wind blow her nose!
Yo mama so dumb she sold her car to get gasoline money!
Yo mama so big, her belt size is “equator.”
Yo mama so short, she went to see Santa and he told her to get back to work.
Yo mama so scary, she threw a boomerang, and it refused to come back.
Yo mama so stupid, she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side.
Yo mama so dumb, it takes her an hour to cook minute rice.
Yo mama so short, you can see her feet on her driver’s license.
Yo mama so dumb, she got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away all the W’s.
Yo mama house so small that when she orders a large pizza, she has to go outside to eat it.
Yo mama so funny, she thought KFC was UFC for chickens.
Yo mama so strict, she locked you up in a tower.
Yo mama so scary, the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Yo mama cooking so nasty, she flys got together and fixed the hole in the window screen.
Yo mama so chatty, she gave a eulogy at her own funeral.
Yo mama so depressing, blues singers come to visit her when they’ve got writer’s block.
Yo mama so old, when someone told her to act her age, she died.
Yo mama is so lazy… she doesn’t even do the dishes until after she makes dinner.
Yo mama so poor, ducks throw bread at her.
Yo mama so tall, she tripped in Michigan and hit her head in Florida.
Yo mama so hairy people think she’s an Ewok
Yo mama so tall, she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
Yo mama so poor when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, she said “Moving.”
Yo mama is so big… meaning, she runs the PTA and everyone knows her at the grocery store because she does not take shit from anyone.
Yo mama so lazy, she stuck her nose out the window so the wind could blow it.
Yo mama so silly, I saw her in a tree talking about how she was the branch manager.
Yo mama so poor she can’t even pay attention.
Yo mama So Old…you’re lucky she still does everything she does for you. Seriously, her responsibility to you expired a long time ago.
Yo mama is so selfish… which, occasionally, makes sense, because when you consider what is expected of women on a daily basis, relative to work/life balance, she really deserves some time to herself.
Yo mama so classless, she’s a Marxist utopia.
Yo mama laugh… is so contagious that the CDC issued a travel ban on anyone who came to her New Year’s Eve potluck.
Yo mama is so smart… which, if this were the 17th century, would make her seem like a witch, but these days, that’s a good thing, and we’re happy with her mystical powers.
Yo mama so fat, the last time she wore a Red Cross t-shirt, a helicopter tried to land in her.
Yo mama so short, she has to slam dunk her bus fare.
Yo mama so sweet she takes her coffee without sugar.
Yo mama such a mess, Fix-It Felix said, “I can’t fix it.”
Yo mama so protective, she covered you in Band-Aids before you got the boo-boos.
Yo mama so short, people thought she was a Funko Pop.
Yo mama so dumb, she put sugar on the bed because she wanted sweet dreams.
Yo mama so nasty, I called her to say hello, and she ended up giving me an ear infection.
Yo mama so nice… she works 3 jobs and still makes time for you.
Yo mama so lazy that she came in last place in a recent snail marathon.
Yo mama so fat, on a scale from one to ten, she’s a 747.
Yo mama glasses are so thick she can see into the future.
Yo mama so fat, every time she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo mama so scary, the robber ran away once he saw her.
Yo mama so fat that the probability of her being in any arbitrary point in space is 1.
Yo mama such a bad cook, the foods throw themselves into the garbage.
Yo mama is so dirty… but it’s probably best not to think about that. But your dad knows … stop! Seriously, don’t think about that.
Yo mama so fat her butt cheeks have different area codes.
Yo mama house so dirty, she has to wipe her feet before she goes outside.
Yo mama like mustard, she spreads easy.
Yo mama sucks so much d***, her lips went double platinum.
Yo mama like a library, open to the public.
Yo mama so fat, her ass has its own congressman!
Yo mama so mean, they don’t give her happy meals at McDonalds.
Yo mama cooking is so bad, every April Fool’s she cooks a good meal.
Yo mama hair is so long, Rapunzel takes styling lessons from her.
Yo mama so scary that when she went to the zoo, the lions and tigers hid from her.
Yo mama so ugly, she walked into a Haunted House and walked back out with a job application.
Yo mama so strict, she grounded you for getting a silver medal.
Yo mama so hungry, she created a Gmail account just so she could get the spam.
Yo mama so clumsy, she tripped over a wireless network.
Yo mama so unfunny, she ruins every joke she ever tells.
Yo mama is so tacky that when she tried to join a tacky contest they said, “Sorry, no professionals.”
Yo mama so fat, she makes Godzilla look like an action figure.
Yo mama so fat, when she fell I didn’t laugh, but the sidewalk cracked up.
Yo mama so fat, she fell in love and broke it.
Yo mama’s so fat, the aliens call her “the mothership.”
Yo mama so fat, when she skips a meal, the stock market drops.
Yo mama so fat, she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for their new world.
Yo mama so fat, it took me two buses and a train to get to her good side.
Yo mama so fat, she uses Google Earth to take a selfie.
Yo mama so fat, when she goes camping, the bears hide their food.
Yo mama so fat, if she buys a fur coat, a whole species will become extinct.
Yo mama so fat, she can’t even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mama so fat, even Dora can’t explore her.
Yo mama so fat, she stepped on a scale and it said: “To be continued.”
Yo mama so fat, when God said, “Let there be light,” he asked her to move out of the way.
Yo mama so fat, when she got hit by a bus she asked, “Who threw that rock?”
Yo mama so fat, when she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Yo mama so fat that when she sat on an iPhone it turned into an iPad.
Yo mama so fat, if she was a Star Wars character, her name would be Admiral Snackbar.
Yo mama so fat, when she walked past the TV, I missed three episodes.
Yo mama so fat, her blood type is Ragu.
Yo mama so fat, when she crossed the road people mistook her for a roundabout.
Yo mama so fat, her car has stretch marks.
Yo mama so fat she needs two watches for two different time zones.
Yo mama so ugly, she threw a boomerang and it refused to come back.
Yo mama so ugly, she turned Medusa to stone.
Yo mama so ugly, her own portraits hang themselves.
Yo mama so ugly, she walked into a Haunted House and walked back out with a job application.
Yo mama so ugly, when she looks in the mirror, her reflection ducks.
Yo mama so ugly, she made an onion cry.
Yo mama so ugly, she looked out the window and was arrested for mooning.
Yo mama so ugly, when she walks into the dentist, they make her lay face down.
Yo mama teeth are so yellow when she smiles at traffic, it slows down.
Yo mama so ugly, people dress up as her for Halloween.
Yo mama so ugly, her birth certificate is an apology letter.
Yo mama so ugly, she could scare the moss off a rock!
Yo mama so ugly, she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
Yo mama so ugly, even Hello Kitty said goodbye.
Yo mama so ugly, she makes blind kids cry.
Yo mama so ugly, when she was little, she had to trick-or-treat by phone.
Yo mama so ugly, when your dad drops her off for work, he gets a fine for littering.
Yo mama so stupid, she got locked in a mattress store and slept on the floor.
Yo mama so stupid, she stared at a cup of orange juice for 12 hours because it said “concentrate.”
Yo mama is so stupid she brought a spoon to the super bowl
Yo mama so stupid when they said it was chilly outside, she grabbed a bowl.
Yo mama so stupid she thought fortnite was fork night.
Yo mama so stupid, when they said, “Order in the court,” she asked for fries and a shake.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought a quarterback was a refund.
Yo mama so stupid, when I told her that she lost her mind, she went looking for it
Yo mama so stupid she thought light sabers had less calories.
Yo mama so stupid when thieves broke into her house and stole the TV, she chased after them shouting “Wait, you forgot the remote!”
Yo mama so dumb, she went to the library to find Facebook.
Yo mama so stupid, it takes her two hours to watch 60 Minutes.
Yo mama so stupid that she thought Star Wars was a war for stars.
Yo mama so stupid, she put a quarter in a parking meter and waited for a gumball to come out
Yo mama so stupid, she put airbags on her computer in case it crashed.
Yo mama so dumb, she called me to ask for my phone number.
Yo mama so stupid, when I said, “Drinks on the house,” she got a ladder..
Yo mama so dumb, she failed a survey.
Yo mama so stupid, she couldn’t read an audiobook.
Yo mama so stupid, she returned a doughnut because it had a hole in it.
Yo mama so stupid, I said Kool-Aid and she jumped through the wall.
Yo mama so dumb, when she heard about cookies on the Internet, she ate her computer.
Yo mama so dumb, she put sugar on the bed because she wanted sweet dreams.
Yo mama so old, she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo mama head so big, she dreams in IMAX.
Yo mama so American, she deep-fries her toothpaste.
Yo mama so lazy, she has a stay-at-home job and still is late to work.
Yo mama so big, when she talks to herself it’s a long-distance call.
Yo mama so depressing, blues singers come to visit her when they’ve got writer’s block.
Yo mama so short when she plays fortnite she can hide under the freaking store.
Yo mama so American, she sued McDonald’s for selling French fries.
Yo mama so dumb, she puts lipstick on her forehead to make-up her mind.
Yo mama so klutzy, she tripped over a cordless phone.
Yo mama is so poor she went running after the garbage truck with a grocery list.
Yo mama so dumb, she plays pool in her bathing suit.
Yo mama so lazy she woke up from a coma and went to sleep.
Yo mama so ridiculous, she tried to climb Mountain Dew.
Yo mama so confusing, even Scooby Doo couldn’t solve that mystery.
Yo mama teeth so yellow, I can’t believe it’s not butter.
Yo mama so poor, when I jumped in a puddle, she said, “What are you doing in my bathtub?!”
Yo mama so old, she walked into an antiques store, and they didn’t let her leave.
Yo mama so evil, the devil sold his soul to her.
Yo mama so dumb, she put a watch in a piggybank and said she was saving time.
Yo mama so dumb, when the doctor told her she had coronavirus, she bought a new laptop.
Yo mama so old, she knew Burger King when he was a prince.
Yo mama’s so delusional that she kicked off a witch trial.
Yo mama so cold, she gives everyone around her frostbite.
Yo mama’s so indecisive that she wears her trousers rolled.
Yo mama so silly she told the NFL players to bring spoons to the Superbowl.
Yo mama’s so tragic that she sings about the June Rebellion.
Yo mama so greedy, when she goes camping, the bears hide their food.
Yo mama’s such a pathological liar that she tells the truth every Fool’s Day.
Yo mama’s so boring that the neighbors call her Mr. Collins.
Yo mama so fat, when she fell I didn’t laugh, but the sidewalk cracked up.
Yo mama so fat, when she skips a meal, the stock market drops.
Yo mama so fat, it took me two buses and a train to get to her good side.
Yo mama so fat, when she goes camping, the bears hide their food.
Yo mama so fat, if she buys a fur coat, a whole species will become extinct.
Yo mama so fat, she stepped on a scale and it said: “To be continued.”
Yo mama so fat, I swerved to miss her in my car and ran out of gas.
Yo mama so fat, when she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Yo mama so fat, she was overthrown by a small militia group, and now she’s known as the Republic of Yo mama.
Yo mama so fat, when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND the house.
Yo mama so fat, her car has stretch marks.
Yo mama so fat, she can’t even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mama so fat, her blood type is Ragu.
Yo mama so fat, if she was a Star Wars character, her name would be Admiral Snackbar.
Yo mama so fat, she brought a spoon to the Super Bowl.
Yo mama so ugly that when your house was attacked, the thief removed his own mask and forced her to wear it.
Yo mama so ugly that even Siri does not listen to her. 
Yo mama so ugly that even death is scared of her.
Yo mama so slimy that she became 6 months pregnant after playing with slime.
Yo mama so scary that even elephants are terrified of her.
Yo mama so strong that she used her thumbs to fight Iron man.
Yo mama so ugly that she went to the mystery rooms, and everyone began looking for her.
Yo mama so hairy that everyone thinks she is the gorilla’s sister.
Yo mama so poor that she drinks milk with a fork.
Yo mama so old that she has a signed Bible.
Yo mama is so fat when she got on the scale it said, “I need your weight not your phone number.”
Yo mama is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it’s still printing.
Yo mama is so fat that when she went to the beach a whale swam up and sang, “We are family, even though you’re fatter than me.”
Yo mama is so ugly when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, “Sorry, no professionals.”
Yo mama so fat and old when God said, “Let there be light,” he asked your mother to move out of the way.
Yo mama so fat, that when she fell, no one was laughing but the ground was cracking up.
Yo mama is so fat when she sat on WalMart, she lowered the prices.
Yo mama is so fat that Dora can’t even explore her!
Yo mama is so stupid when an intruder broke into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed 9-1-1 on the microwave, and couldn’t find the “CALL” button.
Yo mama is so ugly she made One Direction go another direction.
Yo mama is so fat her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Yo mama so stupid, she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 Cent.
Yo mama so stupid she stuck a battery up her ass and said, “I GOT THE POWER!”
Yo mama so dumb, when y’all were driving to Disneyland, she saw a sign that said “Disneyland left,” so she went home.
Yo mama is so hairy, when she went to the movie theater to see Star Wars, everybody screamed and said, “IT’S CHEWBACCA!”
Yo mama is so stupid she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side.
Yo mama is so fat she doesn’t need the internet, because she’s already world wide.
Yo mama is so stupid she brought a spoon to the super bowl.
Yo mama so fat when I told her to touch her toes she said, “What are those”?
Yo mama is so fat, when she sat on an iPod, she made the iPad!
Yo mama is so fat when she went to KFC the cashier asked, “What size bucket?” and Yo mama said, “The one on the roof.”
Yo mama is so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo mama so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii Fit.
Yo mama so fat, that when she went to the zoo, the hippos got jealous.
Yo mama is so ugly when she took a bath the water jumped out.
Yo mama so naive that she mistook the serial killer for a cereal killer.
Yo mama so naive that she slept with a ruler under her pillow to keep track of how long she slept.
Yo mama so ugly that even the witches say ‘we resign’.
Yo mama is so stupid, she thought a quarterback was a refund.
Yo mama so ugly when she went into a haunted house she came out with a job application.
Yo mama so ugly, when she goes into a strip club, they pay her to keep her clothes on.
Yo mama is so fat she walked past the TV and I missed 3 episodes.
Yo mama is so ugly even Hello Kitty said, “Goodbye” to her
Yo mama so fat when she steps out in a yellow raincoat, the people yell, “TAXI!”
Yo mama is so ugly, she scared the shit out of the toilet.
Yo mama is so dumb that she thought Dunkin’ Donuts was a basketball team.
Yo mama is so stupid when your dad sad it was chilly outside, she ran out the door with a spoon!
Yo mama is so stupid that when thieves broke in and stole the tv, she ran outside and yelled to them,”Hey, you forgot the remote!”
Yo mama so fat, she got baptized at Sea World.
Yo mama so fat I tried driving around her and I ran out of gas.
Yo mama is so poor I saw her kicking a trash can so I asked, “What are you doing?” and she said, “I’m moving.”
Yo mama is so fat she sat on the rainbow and Skittles came out.
Yo mama so fat, she has more rolls than a bakery.
Yo mama is so old, I slapped her in the back and her boobs fell off.
Yo mama is so fat when she stepped on the scale it read, “Get the hell off me!”
Yo mama is so ugly she turned Medusa into stone.
Yo mama so fat, her baby pictures were taken by satellite.
Yo mama is so stupid that she sat on the TV to watch the couch.
Yo mama is so fat, when she sat on the back of the bus it did a wheelie.
Yo mama teeth are so yellow, that when she smiles, traffic slows down!
Yo mama is so fat and greasy… she uses bacon strips as a bandaid!
Yo mama is so nasty… her breath smells like a landfill!
Yo mama head is so big… she has to step into her shirts.
Yo mama is like the sun… you look at her to long you will go blind!
Yo mama teeth are so yellow… that when she smiles everyone sings, “I got sunshine on a cloudy day.”
Yo mama teeth are so yellow… I can’t believe it’s not butter.
Yo mama is in a wheelchair and says… “You ain’t gonna push me around no more!”
Yo mama is so small… that she got her ear pierced and died.
Yo mama head is so small… she uses a tea bag as a pillow.
Yo mama teeth are so yellow… that when she smiles traffic slows down.
Yo mama ain’t got no ears yelling… Let me hear both sides of the story!
Yo mama house is so poor… I went to knock on her door and a roach tripped me and a rat took my wallet!
Yo mama nose is so big… she makes Pinocchio look like a cat!
Yo mama house is so small… that when she orders a large pizza she had to go outside to eat it.
Yo mama is cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo.
Yo mama glasses are so thick… she can see into the future.
Yo mama house is so small… you have to go outside to change your mind.
Yo mama feet are so big… her shoes have to have license plates!
Yo mama mouth is so big… she speaks in surround sound.
Yo mama has so many chins… it looks like she’s wearing a fat necklace!
Yo mama is so clumsy… she got tangled up in a cordless phone.
Yo mama feet are so scaly… you can see Crocodile Dundy in her footbath.
Yo mama nose is so big… that her neck broke from the weight!
Yo mama glasses are so thick… that when she looks at a map she can see people waving.
Yo mama head is so big… it shows up on radar.
Yo mama Jokes For Adults
Yo mama Jokes For Adults
Yo mama is missing a finger and can’t count past nine.
Yo mama is so nasty… cows with mad cow disease run from her.
Yo mama is so grouchy… the McDonald’s she works at doesn’t even serve happy meals.
Yo mama is so dirty… she went swimming and created the Dead Sea!
Yo mama is so dirty… she makes dirt look clean!
Yo mama is so dirty… she brings crabs to the beach!
Yo mama is so dirty… even a carwash can’t clean her!
Yo mama is so dirty… she made Right Guard turn left!
Yo mama is twice the man you are!
Yo mama is so fat… the back of her neck is like a pack of hot dogs!
Yo mama is so fat… she posted a picture on Instagram and it crashed!
Yo mama is so fat… whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo mama is so fat… her blood type is gravy!
Yo mama is so fat… she’s got her own area code!
Yo mama is so skinny… she can dive through a chain-linked fence.
Yo mama is so skinny… she can dodge rain drops!
Yo mama is so skinny… her pants have one belt loop!
Yo mama is so skinny… when she wears skinny jeans, they look like bell-bottoms!
Yo mama is so skinny… her bra fits better backwards.
Yo mama is so skinny… she can dive through a chain-linked fence.
Yo mama is so skinny… she can dodge rain drops!
Yo mama is so skinny… her pants have one belt loop!
Yo mama is so skinny… when she wears skinny jeans, they look like bell- bottoms!
Yo mama is so skinny… her bra fits better backwards.
Yo mama is so skinny… she uses cotton balls as a pillow.
Yo mama is so skinny… when she wore a yellow dress she looked like a pencil.
Yo mama is so skinny… she looks like a microphone stand!
Yo mama is so skinny… she looks just like a blow pop!
Yo mama is so skinny… she swallowed a meatball and thought she was pregnant.
Yo mama is so skinny… she turned sideways and disappeared.
Yo mama is so skinny… she doesn’t get wet when it rains.
Yo mama is so skinny… her nipples touch.
Yo mama is so skinny… she has to wear a belt with her spandex pants.
Yo mama is so skinny… she hula hoops with a Cheerio.
Yo mama is so skinny… she has to run around in the shower just to get wet.
Yo mama is so skinny… she can hang glide with a Dorito!
Yo mama is so skinny… she can see through peepholes with both eyes.
Yo mama is so skinny… she uses cotton balls for pillows.
Yo mama is so old… she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
Yo mama is so old… her first pet was a T-Rex!
Yo mama is so old… she took her driving test on a dinosaur!
Yo mama is so old… her birth certificate says expired on it.
Yo mama is so old… she dated George Washington!
Yo mama is so old… she has an autographed Bible!
Yo mama is so old… that her bus pass is in hieroglyphics!
Yo mama is so old… her birth certificate is in Roman numerals.
Yo mama is so old… she used to babysit Adam and Eve!
Yo mama is so old… her memory is in black and white!
Yo mama is so old… she was wearing a Jesus starter jacket!
Yo mama is so old… she farts dust!
Yo mama so fat, the only way to get her out of a telephone booth is to grease her thighs and throw a Twinkie in the street.
Yo mama so fat, she tripped over Walmart, stumbled over K-Mart, and landed on Target.
Yo mama so ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday!
Yo mama so fat she can’t even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mama so stupid, she returned a donut because it had a hole in it.
Yo mama is so poor that when I asked her what’s for dinner tonight she lit her pocket on fire and said, “hot pocket.”
Yo mama is so stupid she put airbags on her computer in case it crashed.
Yo mama so ugly, her birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Yo mama is so fat, when she stepped on a scale it said, “One person at a time please.”
Yo mama is so ashy, every time she rubs her arms it snows.
Yo mama so dumb she tried to make an appointment with Dr. Pepper.
Yo mama so stupid she put paper on the television and called it paper view.
Yo mama so ugly, she had to get the baby drunk so that she could breastfeed it.
Yo mama so fat, when she farted, she launched herself into orbit.
Yo mama is so black, she got marked absent at night school.
Yo mama so smelly, that when she spread her legs, I got seasick.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to save a fish from drowning.
Yo mama so stupid her password needed 8 characters, so she typed “Snow White and the 7 dwarfs.”
Yo mama so poor that ducks throw bread at her.
Yo mama is so fat she went to church with heels on and when she came back home they were flats.
Yo mama is so ugly her parents had to feed her with a slingshot.
Yo mama is so fat when she sat on an iPad she made a plasma TV.
Yo mama is so ugly she made my happy meal cry
Yo mama so fat when she died she broke the stairway to heaven.
Yo mama so ugly she gives Freddy Krueger nightmares.
Yo mama is so hairy… it looks like she has Buckwheat in a headlock!
Yo mama is so hairy… she has tiny afros on her nipples!
Yo mama is so hairy… Harry Potter got jealous.
Yo mama is so hairy… when she moons people they turn into werewolves!
Yo mama is so hairy… you need a lawnmower to shave her back!
Yo mama is so hairy… you almost died of rug burn at birth!
Yo mama is so hairy… she wears a Nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her Hair Jordan.
Yo mama is so hairy… she was mistaken for a bear!
Yo mama is so hairy… she looks like Donkey Kong!
Yo mama is so hairy… that Bigfoot tried to take her picture!
Yo mama is so hairy… she has cornrows on her back, legs, and feet!
Yo mama is so hairy… the only language she speaks is Wookie!
Yo mama is so hairy… she went to the zoo and was locked up forever!
Yo mama is so hairy… she took her shirt off and everyone thought she was a Wooly Mammoth!
Yo mama is so lazy… she undercooks Ramen noodles!
Yo mama is so lazy… she don’t have dining table because she is always in bed!
Yo mama is so lazy… she stuck her head out the window to let the wind blow her nose!
Yo mama is so lazy… she was late to her “stay at home” job!
Yo mama is so lazy… she thinks a two-income family is where the man has two jobs.
Yo mama is so lazy… she arrived late at her own funeral.
Yo mama is so lazy… she stole your identity to spend more time with you!
Yo mama is so lazy… her to-do list says, “Nothing!”
Yo mama is so lazy… she starved instead of getting up to get some food.
Yo mama is so lazy… that she came in last place in a recent snail marathon.
Yo mama is so lazy… she’s got a remote control just to operate her remote control!
Yo mama so stupid, she started at a cup of orange juice for 12 hours because it said “concentrate”.
Yo mama so stupid when they said it was chilly outside, she grabbed a bowl.
Yo mama so stupid, she put lipstick on her forehead to make up her mind.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought a quarterback was a refund.
Yo mama so stupid, she got hit by a parked car.
Yo mama so stupid, when I told her that she lost her mind, she went looking for it.
Yo mama so stupid when thieves broke into her house and stole the TV, she chased after them shouting “Wait, you forgot the remote!”
Yo mama so stupid, so took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo mama so stupid, she got locked in the grocery store and starved to death.
Yo mama so stupid, when I said, “Drinks on the house,” she got a ladder.
Yo mama so fat, when she fell I didn’t laugh, but the sidewalk cracked up.
Yo mama so fat when she skips a meal, the stock market drops.
Yo mama so fat, it took me two buses and a train to get to her good side.
Yo mama so fat, when she goes camping, the bears hide their food.
Yo mama so fat, she stepped on a scale and it said: “To be continued.”
Yo mama so fat, I swerved to miss her in my car and ran out of gas.
Yo mama so fat, when she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Yo mama so fat, she was overthrown by a small militia group, and now she’s known as the republic of Yo mama.
Yo mama so fat, when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND the house.
Yo mama so fat, her car has stretch marks.
Yo mama so fat, she can’t even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mama so fat, her blood type is Ragu.
Yo mama so fat, if she was a Star Wars character, her name would be Admiral snack bar.
Yo mama so fat, she wore a black bathing suit to the pool and everyone yelled “oil spill!”
Yo mama so fat when I pictured her in my head she broke my neck.
Yo mama so old, she walked out of a museum and the alarm went off.
Yo mama so scary, you thought the monsters in your closet were friends. 
Yo mama so old, she was a waitress at The Last Supper. 
Yo mama bag is so cluttered it’s like the inside of a dollar store in there. 
Yo mama so scary, the government moved Halloween to her birthday. 
Yo mama so American, she deep-fries her toothpaste. 
Yo mama so depressing, blues singers come to visit her when they’ve got writer’s block. 
Yo mama so American, she sued McDonald’s for selling French fries. 
Yo mama so klutzy, she tripped over a cordless phone. 
Yo mama so old that when she was in school, there was no history class. 
Yo mama so dumb, she plays pool in her bathing suit. 
Yo mama so scatterbrained, it takes her two hours to watch 60 Minutes. 
Yo mama so old, she knew Burger King while he was still a prince. 
Yo mama so ridiculous, she tried to climb Mountain Dew.
Yo mama so literal, she stared at a cup of orange juice for 12 hours because it said, “concentrate.”
Yo mama so strict, she wants you home before, during, and after dark. 
Yo mama so silly, she put airbags on her computer in case it crashed. 
Yo mama teeth so yellow, I can’t believe it’s not butter. 
Yo mama so funny, she went to the dentist to get a Bluetooth. 
Yo mama house so dirty, she has to wipe her feet before she goes outside. 
Yo mama so scary, she threw a boomerang, and it refused to come back. 
Yo mama so rich, even her yacht has a yacht. 
Yo mama so evil, the devil sold his soul to her. 
Yo mama so tall, she tripped in Michigan and hit her head in Florida. 
Yo mama so ridiculous, she thought a quarterback was a refund. 
Yo mama so tall, she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon. 
Yo mama so silly, I saw her in a tree talking about how she was the branch manager. 
Yo mama house so small, you have to go outside to change your mind. 
Yo mama so dumb, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept. 
Yo mama so dumb, she thought Twitter was social media for birds. 
Yo mama house so small that when she orders a large pizza, she has to go outside to eat it. 
Yo mama so funny, she thought KFC was UFC for chickens. 
Yo mama so old, her birth certificate is in Roman numerals. 
Yo mama so literal, when I said, “Drinks on the house,” she got a ladder. 
Yo mama so scary, she made One Direction go the other direction. 
Yo mama so confused, she tried to eat Eminem the rapper. 
Yo mama so nasty, she went swimming and made the Dead Sea. 
Yo mama so lazy, she stuck her nose out the window and let the wind blow it. 
Yo mama so old, her birth certificate says expired on it.
Yo mama so hot, she makes jalapeños cry.
Yo mama so dumb, she put lipstick on her forehead to make up her mind. 
Yo mama so American, her birthday song is the National Anthem. 
Yo mama so silly, she thought Dunkin’ Donuts was a basketball team. 
Yo mama so literal, that when I told her she lost her mind, she went looking for it. 
Yo mama so bad at directions, when she saw the “Disneyland left” sign, she went home. 
Yo mama so strict, she enforced a curfew for the entire neighborhood. 
Yo mama so strict, she grounded you for getting a silver medal. 
Yo mama so strict, she locked you up in a tower. 
Yo mama so short, she has to slam dunk her bus fare. 
Yo mama such a mess, Fix-It Felix said, “I can’t fix it.” 
Yo mama so honest, she got locked in the grocery store and starved to death. 
Yo mama so short, people thought she was a Funko Pop. 
Yo mama so confused, when they said it was chilly outside, she grabbed a bowl. 
Yo mama so nasty, I called her to say hello, and she ended up giving me an ear infection. 
Yo mama so lazy, she’s got a remote control just to operate her remote. 
Yo mama so old, her social security number is 1! 
Yo mama so lazy that she came in last place in a recent snail marathon. 
Yo mama glasses are so thick that when she looks on a map, she can see people waving. 
Yo mama glasses are so thick she can see into the future. 
Yo mama teeth are so yellow that when she smiled at traffic, it slowed down. 
Yo mama so short, she went to see Santa, and he told her to get back to work. 
Yo mama so scary, the robber ran away once he saw her. 
Yo mama so short, you can see her feet on her driver’s license. 
Yo mama such a bad cook, the foods throw themselves into the garbage. 
Yo mama so unfunny, she ruins every joke she ever tells. 
Yo mama cooking is so bad, every April Fool’s she cooks a good meal. 
Yo mama sense of humor is so dry, her best jokes are your worst. 
Yo mama so protective, she covered you in Band-Aids before you got the boo-boos. 
Yo mama hair is so long, Rapunzel takes styling lessons from her. 
Yo mama so mean, even Hello Kitty said goodbye. 
Yo mama so hungry, she created a Gmail account just so she could get the spam. 
Yo mama is so confusing that even Scooby Doo couldn’t solve that mystery. 
Yo mama so clumsy, she tripped over a wireless network. 
Yo mama so loud, she speaks in surround sound. 
Yo mama moves so slow that when she walked past the TV, I missed three episodes. 
Yo mama so scary that when she went to the zoo, the lions and tigers hid from her. 
Yo mama is so tacky that when she tried to join a tacky contest they said, “Sorry, no professionals.” 
Yo mama so cold, she gives everyone around her frostbite. 
Yo mama so dim, she held a battery up and said, “I got the power!” 
Yo mama is so clueless, she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side. 
Yo mama so clueless, when the judge said, “Order in the court,” she asked for fries and a shake. 
Yo mama so clumsy, she got hit by a parked car. 
Yo mama so scary, she has to trick-or-treat by phone. 
Yo mama such a bad cook, the flies got together and fixed the hole in the window screen. 
Yo mama so classless, she’s a Marxist utopia. 
Yo mama so clueless, she went to the optometrist to get an iPhone. 
Yo mama so bad with directions, she saw a “Disneyland left” sign on the way to the theme park, so she went home. 
Yo mama so hairy that when she went to see the new Star Wars movie, everyone thought Chewbacca was making a promotional appearance. 
Yo mama so clueless, she brought a spoon to the Super Bowl. 
Yo mama so hungry, when she went to KFC and the cashier asked what size bucket she wanted, she said, “The one on the roof!” 
Yo mama so nice she’d give me the hair off her back. 
Yo mama so fine we call her “Stacey’s mom.” 
Yo mama so funny, even sidewalks crack up. 
Yo mama so silly she told the NFL players to bring spoons to the Superbowl. 
Yo mama is so mean that when she went into a haunted house, she came out with a job application. 
Yo mama is so silly that when thieves broke in and stole the tv, she ran outside and yelled to them, “Hey, you forgot the remote!” 
Yo mama so silly, she put a watch in a piggybank and said she was saving time. 
Yo mama so stern, they don’t give her Happy Meals at McDonald’s. 
Yo mama so mean, her birth certificate is an apology letter. 
Yo mama so greedy, when she goes camping, the bears hide their food.
Yo mama so fat, when she fell I didn't laugh, but the sidewalk cracked up.
Yo mama so fat, when she skips a meal, the stock market drops.
Yo mama so fat, it took me two buses and a train to get to her good side.
Yo mama so fat, when she goes camping, the bears hide their food.
Yo mama so fat, if she buys a fur coat, a whole species will become extinct.
Yo mama so fat, she stepped on a scale and it said: "To be continued."
Yo mama is so fat, I swerved to miss her in my car and ran out of gas.
Yo mama so fat, when she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Yo mama so fat, she was overthrown by a small militia group, and now she's known as the Republic of Yo Mama.
Yo mama is so fat, not even Dora can explore her.
Yo mama is so fat, she gets group insurance.
Yo mama so fat, when she went to KFC and the cashier asked what size bucket she wanted, she said, "The one on the roof!"
Yo mama is so big, her belt size is "equator."
Yo mama so fat, when she talks to herself, it's a long-distance call.
Yo mama so fat, she left in high heels and came back in flip flops.
Yo mama is so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips.
Yo mama so fat, her job title is Spoon and Fork Operator.
Yo mama so fat, when she walked past the TV, I missed three episodes.
Yo mama so fat, when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND the house.
Yo mama so fat, her car has stretch marks.
Yo mama so fat, she can't even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mama so fat, her blood type is Ragu.
Yo mama so fat, if she was a Star Wars character, her name would be Admiral Snackbar.
Yo mama so fat, she brought a spoon to the Super Bowl.
Yo mama so stupid, she stared at a cup of orange juice for 12 hours because it said: "Concentrate."
Yo mama so dumb, she thought Twitter was social media for birds.
Yo mama so dumb, it takes her an hour to cook minute rice.
Yo mama so stupid, she put lipstick on her forehead to make up her mind.
Yo mama so stupid, when they said, "Order in the court," she asked for fries and a shake.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought a quarterback was a refund.
Yo mama so dumb, she sold her car to get gasoline money.
Yo mama so stupid, she got hit by a parked car.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought Dunkin' Donuts was a basketball team.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought KFC was UFC for chickens.
Yo mama so stupid, when I told her that she lost her mind, she went looking for it
Yo mama so stupid, when thieves broke into her house and stole the TV, she chased after them shouting, "Wait, you forgot the remote!"
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to eat Eminem.
Yo mama is so dumb, she cooked her own complimentary breakfast.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the eye doctor to get an iPhone.
Yo mama so stupid, she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to the dentist to get a Bluetooth.
Yo mama so stupid, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo mama so stupid, she got locked in the grocery store and starved to death.
Yo mama so stupid, when I said, "Drinks on the house," she got a ladder.
Yo mama so stupid, it takes her two hours to watch 60 Minutes.
Yo mama so stupid, she put airbags on her computer in case it crashed.
Yo mama so ugly, she threw a boomerang and it refused to come back.
Yo mama so ugly, she made a blind kid cry.
Yo mama is so ugly when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo mama so ugly I told her to take out the trash and she left the house.
Yo mama so ugly when she was little, she had to trick-or-treat by phone.
Yo mama so ugly, her birth certificate is an apology letter.
Yo mama is so ugly, she walked into a haunted house and walked back out with a job application.
Yo mama so ugly they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for Star Wars.
Yo mama so ugly just after she was born, her mother said "What a treasure!" and her father said, "Yes, let's go bury it."
Yo mama so ugly her portraits hang themselves.
Yo mama is so ugly even the trash man wouldn't pick her up.
Yo mama is so ugly she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Yo mama so ugly, when she looks in the mirror, the reflection ducks.
Yo mama so ugly, she could make an onion cry.
Yo mmma so ugly, even Ripley wouldn't believe it.
Yo mama so ugly she's only allowed to go out on October 31.
Yo mama so ugly I heard that your dad first met her at the pound.
Yo mama so ugly even bullets refuse to kill her.
Yo mama is so ugly she made dirt look like a supermodel.
Yo mama so ugly, when she was born the doctor slapped your grandma.
Yo mama so ugly that most Snapchat filters make her better looking.
Yo mama so fat, that when she farts Al Gore accuses her of global warming.
Yo mama so fat, she fell over, broke her leg, and gravy poured out." — White Men Can't Jump
Yo mama is so stupid, she exercises when she could just like, get liposuction or something." — White Chicks
Yo mama  so fat, she heard it was chilly out and ran inside to get a bowl." — Everything Must Go
Yo mama  is so fat, her belt size is equator." — The Nutty Professor
Yo mama  so fat, she's got every caterer on speed dial." — Malibu's Most Wanted
Yo mama  so old, she used to drive chariots to high school." — White Men Can't Jump
Yo mama  cheated, that's why you look like a plumber." — Ender's Game
Yo mama cooking so nasty, the house flies got together to fix the hole in the window screen.
Yo mama so depressing, blues singers come to visit her when they've got writer's block.
Yo mama so short, you can see her feet on her driver's license.
Yo mama so poor, she can't even afford to pay attention.
Yo mama teeth are so yellow when she smiles at traffic, it slows down.
Yo mama so old, she walked into an antique store, and they didn't let her leave.
Yo mama so classless, she's a Marxist utopia.
Yo mama is so poor, she chases the garbage truck with a grocery list.
Yo mama armpits are so hairy, it looks like she's got Buckwheat in a headlock.
Yo mama so lazy, she has a stay-at-home job and still is late to work.
Yo mama so mean, they don't give her happy meals at McDonald's.
Yo mama so confusing, even Scooby Doo couldn't solve that mystery.
Yo mama so old, her Social Security number is one.
Yo mama so short, she went to see Santa and he told her to get back to work.
Yo mama so scary, the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Yo mama so nasty, they used to call them "jumpolines" 'til yo mama bounced on one.
Yo mama teeth are so yellow, I can't believe it's not butter.
Yo mama so strict, she enforced a curfew for the entire neighborhood.
Yo mama so old, she knew Burger King when he was a prince.
Yo mama so nasty, she went swimming and made the Dead Sea.
Yo mama so poor, Nigerian princes wire her money.
Yo mama so short, she has to slam dunk her bus fare.
Yo mama so old, she walked out of a museum and the alarm went off.
Yo mama glasses are so thick when she looks at a map, she can see people waving.
Yo mama is so lazy, she stuck her nose out the window and let the wind blow it.
Yo mama so old, she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo mama house is so dirty, she has to wipe her feet before she goes outside.
Yo mama is so mean, even Hello Kitty said goodbye.
If Yo mama and Yo Daddy got a divorce, they’d still be brother and sister.
